== Spells ==
Utilities/actions caused by the player.

Definitions:
	Spells: Permanent/learned spell type (also refers to any abilities).
	Spell cards: Limited-use spell type
	Spell pack: The collection of spells and spell cards an entity (like a doppleganger) has.
	
	Spell effect: Component of a spell type, causes a quite specific effect. A spell effect is based on a specific spell class.
	Spell type: Combination of spell effects (from a specific spell class). Any permanent spell or spell card can cast a single spell type.
	Spell modifier: A plugin which is attached to a spell (but not spell cards) which modifies the behavior of the spell.
	Spell class: A specific pack of spell effects with similar behaviour.
	
	Casting: Using a spell or spell card, which causes an effect on the world.
	Magic: All spell types. Or refers to the spell pack in some instances.

== Spell classes ==
Spell classes are characterised by how they're casted, and their basic behaviour.

Projectile:
	Spells which fire projectiles in a specific direction.

Environment:
	Spells which affect the environment, casted by targeting a specific position or a specific world object.

Enhancements:
	Spells which affect a target entity, casted by targetting an entity, then possible
	additional targets (which may be either other entities or environment, specified
	by the spell definition).

== Spell modifiers ==
Spell modifiers alter the behaviour of a spell. By attaching spell modifiers to spells, they change their behaviour. Spell modifiers are restricted
to a specific spell class, thus a projectile-class modifier can not be used on an environment-class spell.

NOTE: It might be advantageous to have subclasses of the major spell classes, and modifiers only have an effect on these subclasses.
Examples are to restrict spell modifiers to environment spells that set out a fire-circle with a specific radius.
If the modifier has the ability to enlarge this circle. Another solution to this is that spell modifiers alters a spell in more than one way,
but incompatible spell effects are unchanged.

== Spell effects ==
Projectile effects:
	

== Unresolved questions ==
- When a doppleganger is forcefully unsummoned, will the player have the opportunity to cast any magic that the doppleganger had?
